[MUSIC]
>> Kent C. Dodds: So,
now that we are transpiling,
what we want to send to the npm
registry is the dist folder.
So, I'm gonna show you a really
handy thing that you can do,
to make sure you know what
you're sending to npm.
And, then there's
a command called npm pack.
As part of the publish script that npm
is running when you say, okay, publish,
one of the first things it does
is internally, it runs npm pack.
So that it creates a zip folder.
And then that's where it gets
uploaded to the npm registry.
And so if you're ever wondering
what am I sending to the registry?
Then you can run MPM pack and
then it open that zipped file.
That will create a folder called package.
And in here you'll see everything
that you're sending up there,
which is most of the things
that we have in our project.
Let me zoom in a little bit.
So we have our test directory,
our source directory, our README,
our package.json, our LICENSE,
dist, and CODE_OF_CONDUCT.
So, we don't care about sending either one
of these two directories, the source and
the test,
we don't care about sending those.
README is probably,
that's a pretty good thing to send.
Code of conduct probably doesn't really
need to go with our distribution.
That's more for
like the management of our repo.
The license is probably
a good thing to send.
And package.json,
obviously is required for
Node to be able to resolve
what our main file is.
And then we're sending the dist directory.
And that's actually pretty much the only
thing that we really want to send.
So, we need to somehow get rid of
these extra files that we don't want.
So how do we do that?
Well, there's a really easy way.
In our pckage.json, we can configure
npm what files matter for the registry.
And we do that by adding a property.
We will stick it right here,
it does not really matter where it goes.
We'll say files as an array, and
the only item in this array will be dist.
Read me is included by default and
so is license.
I'm gonna delete the package and
that previous zipped folder,
and we'll rerun $npm pack command,
and reopen that a new zip folder.
And you'll see dist,
license package, JSON and
readme, that's everything that we need.
I'll go back here so,
we can see what I ran.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Anybody get that working
and seeing what's in that package?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Anybody have any
questions or anything, need help?
>> Kent C. Dodds: I'll give an air five to
the first person who says that they got
it working.
Yeah, boom.
Awesome.
>> Kent C. Dodds: All right,
and Denarte, awesome, good job.
[LAUGH]
Okay, cool,
so that's pretty much it as far as
what we're gonna work on together.
I'm gonna show you just two other
kind of boiler platey things.
That you're gonna want to do as well.
And that is, in our ESLint.
We're gonna add some best practices for
ES6 code.
And import statements, things and
in our, let's see there's
one other thing I thought.
Yeah, this is super duper super important.
So everybody look here,
this is really important.
So now that the, actually I can
demonstrate why this is so important.
So if you opened up that
starWarsNames zip file,
then you're gonna have a package folder,
that's where everything lives.
So if I ll that package directory,
then you're gonna see the package.json and
everything that we need, that directory
has our trans file source code.
So if I zoom away, if I run require
package, and then it's gonna look up in
the package.json, and find out what
the name is, and give my package.
This would be, just like if I published
to the registry somebody installed it and
they said require starWarsNames.
So this is just going to give
me whoops package directory.
There we go.
Now that's funny.
Let me rename that package directory.
So we'll rename it to
starwars-names-package.
Why did I name it something so long?
Okay, so we're gonna require
star-wars-names-package.
And it's gonna blow up for us,
cannot find module starwars-name-package.
The reason for that, is if we use CD
into the starwars-name-package and
we cat the package.json, then the main
that note is using to determine
what file to give us when we require it,
is pointing to source index.
If we look in this folder,
we don't have a source, we have a dist.
So we need to update that.
That makes sense why that matters?
Why it's very important
you get that right.
So, we'll just change that to dist.
And if we run npm pack, and
then open starwars-names folder.
And we'll rename this to other.
Whoops.
Like things are all messed up now.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Okay,
I'm all kinds of confused.
There we go, we'll do pack again,
and open it.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Where on earth am I?
I'm in my trash, that's funny.
I know where I am.
Get out of there, there we go.
Now we'll pack it.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Okay, cool, so we'll get
rid of these guys and change this to stn.
So now if I go node and require stn,
then I'm gonna get what I need.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Cool, any questions?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Okay, so
on the chat we have from Brent,
I'm getting multiple duplicates of
the package in the same tar file.
I don't know why that would be.
Sorry Brent,
maybe I need a little bit more info.
Irvin is asking,
can't now run npm run watch test?
That is true, because now our
code is being authored in ES6.
If you start making changes to your
code which we're gonna break for
lunch, but I'm gonna let you
work on that if you want to.
Then you're not gonna be
able to run you test,
because your tests aren't
able to run that code.
We need to transpile our test, and
that's what we're gonna do next.
So, yep, I think that's pretty much it.
So I'll just, to wrap up for
lunch, if you want to,
you can go to your index JS folder and
start doing a bunch of ES6 stuff.
One thing that I add here
at the bottom of the file,
is this module exportse=mainExport thing.
So I turn object into or turn the module
exports into an object called mainExport.
And then I export that as the default, and
I also say module.exports = mainExport.
If you want to know why
that is go to kcd.im/tears.
And that will take you to my blog
post that explains the tears that I
experienced, when I learned
why this is important.
>> Kent C. Dodds: So
I'm not gonna get too far into that.
You come can to my Midwest JS talk
on Thursday or Friday this week.
I'm gonna give a talk entitled, More Than
You Want to Know About ES6 Modules, and
I'll explain exactly how this works.
Okay, yeah?
>> Speaker 2: Just a question
that package.json.
So you updated the package.json that was
copied into the dist folder.
Is that correct or not correct?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Did I?
>> Speaker 2: Well, I'm not sure of that.
What I'm wondering is so that update,
is that to the actual package.json
in the root directory?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah.
It should be, yeah.
You'll obviously.
>> Speaker 2: Does that change how.
>> Speaker 2: Does that change what
JavaScript has instrumented, during test,
so-
>> Kent C. Dodds: Okay, great question,
no, so the JavaScript that's
instrumented during, I know for testing,
is the one that we've specified
in our mocha.opts here.
So that, well, sorry,
to be more clear, the way that NYC
works is we have it kind
of wrapping the Mocha CLI.
So NYC will say, okay,
like you're starting me up.
Now I'm gonna take the other
arguments that you gave me.
And anything that I don't care about
I'm gonna just forward on to, or
I'm gonna like expand those
as a separate process.
Then I'm gonna watch what that
process if requiring and doing.
And anything, any files that it
requires that I'm not going to exclude,
anything it excludes
things in node modules and
anything we specifically
tell it to exclude.
It has those defaults
that we talked about.
So anything that is shouldn't exclude,
that this separate is requiring,
it's going to instrument it before
it hands it off to that process.
That make sense?
>> Speaker 2: So
you're testing your source and
not your-
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: Dist.
Now your dist,
though, is actually, it's-
>> Kent C. Dodds: What you're sending to
users, right?
>> Speaker 2: And
it's in a sense it's different code.
So, you're making the assumption that
Babel is tested well enough that you can-
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yep,
that's exactly the assumption
that I'm making.
Yeah, I'm glad that you brought that up.
I was, yeah, that's definitely
something that you should think about.
For sure in my opinion, you should for
sure be testing your source code and
trusting your tools.
But in that same vein, doing integration
tests is a valuable thing too,
so using something like Don't Break.
Would be really valuable in that
kind of scenario where you say okay,
after all the tooling is all done doing
stuff with my code, does it still
integrate well with the tool,
other things that are using this module.
And so if you're concerned a little bit
about whether you're tooling is set up
correctly or something,
then you can do some integrating test and
that's a really valuable thing to do.
You get a lot more bang for
your buck with integration test,
there's just a little bit, in some
cases there a little harder to set up.